.\" Hey, Emacs!  This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.TH GNUCAP-MG-VAMS 1 "May 2023" "Gnucap Project" "Gnucap Modelgen"

.SH NAME
gnucap-mg-vams \- GNU Circuit Analysis Package .vams translator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gnucap-mg-vams \\{{ [\fBOPTIONS\fP] [\fBACTIONS\fP] \\}}
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Gnucap-Modelgen
is a translator tool in the Gnucap suite. It will transform Verilog-AMS models
into C++ code implementing Gnucap component plugins.
.PP
Basic usage (with bash, on a posix system) may look as follows.
For more examples, see the \fIexamples\fP directory.

$ gnucap-mg-vams \-I /path/to/include\ -o mymodel.cc\ --cc mymodel.vams
.br
$ g++ `gnucap-conf --cppflags` -fPIC -shared mymodel.cc -o mymodel.so
.br
$ gnucap -a ./mymodel.so -a mgsim
.br
gnucap> ...

The \fImgsim\fP directory contains the plugins used when simulating modelgen models.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fI-I path
Set preprocessor include path
.TP
\fI-D "name\ value"
Set preprocessor constant
.TP
\fI-o "filename"
Send output to filename (default: stdout).
.TP
\fI--flag | --noflag
Various flags, under construction, see mg_options.{h,cc}. Also available through `pragma during preprocessing.
.TP
\fI-a plugin
Load plugin, add and replace functionality. Example plugin: mgopt/nonoise.so

.SH ACTIONS

.TP
\fI--pp\fI
dump preprocessor output
.TP
\fI--dump\fI
dump contents as parsed
.TP
\fI--cc\fI
generate c++ file

.SH COMPILER FLAGS
These may be passed to the compiler supplementing `gnucap-conf --cppflags`.
.TP
\fI-O0, -O2
Turn on, off optimisation respectively. For details, consult your compiler manual.
.TP
\fI-g
Include debugging symbols. For details, consult your compiler manual.
.TP
\fI-DNDEBUG
Drop debugging code, essentially run time assertions. This will speed up execution significantly.
.TP
\fI-DTRACE_UNTESTED
Discover test status. Untested code notification will be printed to standard error output.
.TP
\fI-DTRACE_ITESTED
Similar, but notify about interactively tested code.

.SH EXAMPLES
Basic Verilog-AMS models are included with this package, covering some of the
primitives listed in Table E.1 of the LRM 2.4.0.

For general usage, see \fIexamples\fP directory shipped with modelgen-verilog source code.

.SH BUGS
This is under construction. Expect bugs, see \fIBUGS\fP.

.SH AUTHOR
Gnucap-mg-vams is being written by Felix Salfelder and Albert Davis with
financial support from NLnet Next Generation Internet programme.
.PP
This manual page was written by Felix Salfelder <felix@salfelder.org>.
For the full documentation, visit
.B http://gnucap.org\fP.
